c:\users\annon\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BackboneMvc\BackboneMvc\bin\BackboneMvc.dll
c:\users\annon\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BackboneMvc\BackboneMvc\bin\BackboneMvc.pdb
c:\users\annon\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BackboneMvc\BackboneMvc\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\annon\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BackboneMvc\BackboneMvc\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\annon\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BackboneMvc\BackboneMvc\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\annon\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BackboneMvc\BackboneMvc\bin\Mono.Security.dll
c:\users\annon\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BackboneMvc\BackboneMvc\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\annon\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BackboneMvc\BackboneMvc\bin\Npgsql.dll
c:\users\annon\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BackboneMvc\BackboneMvc\bin\policy.2.0.Npgsql.dll
c:\users\annon\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BackboneMvc\BackboneMvc\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\annon\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BackboneMvc\BackboneMvc\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\annon\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BackboneMvc\BackboneMvc\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\annon\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BackboneMvc\BackboneMvc\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\annon\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BackboneMvc\BackboneMvc\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\annon\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BackboneMvc\BackboneMvc\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\annon\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BackboneMvc\BackboneMvc\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\annon\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BackboneMvc\BackboneMvc\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\annon\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BackboneMvc\BackboneMvc\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\annon\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BackboneMvc\BackboneMvc\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\annon\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BackboneMvc\BackboneMvc\bin\Npgsql.pdb
c:\users\annon\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BackboneMvc\BackboneMvc\bin\Npgsql.xml
c:\users\annon\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BackboneMvc\BackboneMvc\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\annon\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BackboneMvc\BackboneMvc\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\annon\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BackboneMvc\BackboneMvc\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\annon\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BackboneMvc\BackboneMvc\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\annon\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BackboneMvc\BackboneMvc\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\annon\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BackboneMvc\BackboneMvc\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\annon\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BackboneMvc\BackboneMvc\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\annon\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BackboneMvc\BackboneMvc\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\annon\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BackboneMvc\BackboneMvc\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\annon\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BackboneMvc\BackboneMvc\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\annon\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BackboneMvc\BackboneMvc\bin\policy.2.0.Npgsql.config
c:\users\annon\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BackboneMvc\BackboneMvc\obj\Debug\BackboneMvc.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\annon\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BackboneMvc\BackboneMvc\obj\Debug\BackboneMvc.dll
c:\users\annon\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BackboneMvc\BackboneMvc\obj\Debug\BackboneMvc.pdb
